move example of spring web to guide (#839)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-guides: src/docs/common/callouts/callout-spring-response-entity.adoc

> Special support is provided by the `micronaut-spring-web` dependency to allowing returning a https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/http/ResponseEntity.html[ResponseEntity].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Special support is provided by the `micronaut-spring-web` dependency to allow the application to return a https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/javadoc-api/org/springframework/http/ResponseEntity.html[ResponseEntity].
```
